Downloaded from
YTS.MX
[instrumental music]
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
[men grunting]
[glass shattering]
[groans]
No. No!
[hip-hop music playing]
-[bottle pops]
-[cheering]
Hey. look.
To my main man. My ace.
-My brother from another mother.
-You forgot one.
You forgot the man
who taught you
everything you know
about the law.
Uh. the man who taught me
absolutely nothing
about the law.
-Oh.
-[laughs]
No. seriously.
everybody raise a glass
to the baddest ADA
Chicago has ever seen.
my man. Malik Tucker.
-Hear. hear.
-[all] Hear. hear.
And soon-to-be
district attorney!
-Hey!
Well. let me just say thank you.
Thank you. Garrett.
And thanks to the rest of you
goons. my fellow prosecutors.
And to Maria Gonzalez.
my ace investigator.
who's been working on this case
for nearly two years.
-Two years too long.
-[all laughing]
-Well. thank you anyway.
-Thank you.
I love you all.
Thank you. For real.
-Cheers. y'all.
-Cheers. Look.
I am proud of you. brother.
I mean. your closing argument
was... masterful.
The jury almost gave you
a standing ovation.
-You did it.
-No. G.
We did that. You and me.
-Now. can we get a real drink?
-Oh. absolutely.
Hey. two single malts. please.
So how long you think
he'll get?
Uh. I don't know.
It's a high-profile case.
Big-time drug dealer...
I mean. it's definitely 25.
minimum.
That's exactly why I am
pledging my eternal allegiance
to ride your coattails all the
way to the governor's mansion.
-Oh. governor's mansion?
-Yes.
Getting a little ahead
of ourselves. huh?
-Let's focus on the DA first.
-Hey. turn up the TV!
It looks like
they're talking about the case.
With a guilty verdict
delivered today
in the case against ruthless
drug lord. Simion Blake.
the streets of Chicago
will rest a bit easier.
thanks to the prosecution
of assistant district attorney.
Malik Tucker.
By putting away
the vicious leader
of the South Side Disciples.
whose drug operations
had expanded to Florida.
and DA Sterling McNabb
announcing his bid
for the governor's seat
last week.
many insiders are saying
Malik Tucker is a shoe-in
to become the city's
next district attorney.
-Hey! See. I told you! I told...
-[all applauding]
-Hey. thank you. Thanks y'all.
-[cell phone vibrating]
Hey. somebody's really
blowing you up.
-Hey. man. quit playing... Hey!
-Ah-ah-ah-ah!
You're on Friendergram?
Okay. I joined
a few months ago. all right?
Uh. since Wrightwood University
is honoring me
at our reunion this weekend.
I figured I'd reconnect
with a couple of old classmates.
Judging from these messages.
you've made
a special connection.
Who is Rayna?
Just an old girlfriend who sent
me a friend request. that's all.
Wait. wait. wait. wait.
Rayna. Rayna...
-Rayna Parsons?
-Yeah.
The one that disappeared
after graduation
and sent you to law school with
a broken heart back in the day?
Ah. you remember all that. huh?
Uh. dawg. when I met your ass.
you were one sad first year
moping around torts class
like someone stole
your damn puppy.
Well. she's just
an old friend now.
And she's married. too.
You really had it bad
for that girl.
Well. I don't anymore.
You forget. I married the one.
Michelle Elise Tucker.
my woman.
Yeah. yeah. you married the one.
thanks to me introducing you
to Michelle after law school.
And I am forever in your debt.
my friend.
Malik. a woman that fine
is not gonna
hit you up on social media
to be friends again.
Michelle is coming with me
to the reunion. and Rayna
is bringing her husband.
Nothing is gonna happen.
All I'm saying is I don't
want you to end up like me.
broke after a divorce
that cost me my home.
my car. my savings
and my damn dog.
Yeah. I still can't believe
Carla took that dog. man.
-That was cold.
-I mean. I miss Biggie.
-[chuckles] Poor Biggie.
-I love that stupid pit bull.
He's my damn password.
for Christ's sake.
Trust. ain't nobody trying
to end up like you. Garrett.
A full-grown man
sleeping on a futon
in a little studio apartment.
Then keep your cushy life
in the suburbs.
because there's no room for you
in my studio apartment
when Michelle
kicks your ass out.
Trust me. let sleeping
ex-girlfriends lie.
[instrumental music]
[door opens]
Good job. Chef Jordan.
Daddy's gonna love
the special cupcakes
you made for him.
Cupcakes sound good.
but daddy loves his two chefs
even more.
Hey. young man. let me see you.
Aah!
-How you doing?
-Good.
Yeah? Let me taste this. Hm.
Mm! Thank you. Jordan.
Daddy loves his cupcakes.
[chuckles]
-You wanna go play now?
-Yeah.
Okay. Aah!
I'll see you soon. okay?
-Mm!
-Congratulations. baby!
Everyone's been texting me
about the verdict.
Even dad said everybody's
talking about it at his office.
You did it. just like
you said you would. Hm!
-Who's the man?
-Oh. uh...
I guess. I guess I'm the man.
-Oh. I guess so.
-Yeah!
-Uh!
-Believe that!
-Ah!
Uh. that is for after dinner.
I made your favorites.
Jamaican brown-stew chicken.
peas and rice.
Me been slavin' over
a hot stove all day. mon.
[laughs] That sounds good.
but you're my favorite dish.
-Yeah? Mm.
-Yeah.
Let me see this pink stuff
you got over here. Let's see.
-Oops! What's that? Oh...
-Oh!
-Malik.
-Oopsie.
Malik Tucker.
what are you doing?
What does it look like
I'm doing?
My wife said
she made my favorites.
-So I wanna taste.
-Malik. okay.
Malik. our son could walk in
this kitchen any minute. Stop--
Why are you worried
about that little boy?
He's in there
watching his favorite TV show.
A bomb could go off.
he wouldn't move an inch.
-Mm...
-You're so silly.
-Mm-hmm?
-[laughs]
Uh. ahem!
Damn. Okay.
can y'all get a room?
[laughs]
We're in our house.
Yeah. Everywhere
is our room. Terri.
Mm! Is it though?
'Cause if I remember correctly.
my uncle
bought this house
for y'all. so...
Okay. can you at least call
before you come over here?
If you must know.
I called my cousin
yesterday and told her
I was coming over
to bring Jordan
his birthday present
since I missed the party
last week.
Oh. yeah. that's right.
you weren't there.
That must've been why
everyone had such a good time.
Uh... Ca...
Would you g-get him--
Don't start. you two.
Thanks. T. I'm sure
Jordan will love it.
-Anything for my Jordan.
-[cell phone chimes]
-Oh. my God! I got the Job!
-Wait. which job?
I booked my first catering job!
Hey. congrats. baby! Hey!
I knew Malik couldn't keep you
barefoot and pregnant forever.
Oh. wow. Okay. Okay. so what's
the job? And how'd you get it?
It's a luncheon for 50 people
at a art gallery.
They contacted me yesterday
in a panic.
I guess their caterer cancelled.
But they found my food blog
and read my bio and...
-Wanted to know if I catered.
-If you cater?
Oh. do they know that you were
on Chicago's top-chef list
for three years straight
before we got pregnant?
What? We got pregnant?
Uh. boy... Anyway. look. Chelle.
this is amazing news.
Ooh. let me know
if you need a taste tester.
I'm gonna need more than that.
If you're looking
to make some extra money.
can you help me prep and serve?
-Girl. you know I'm in. Okay?
-Okay.
The Miller girls ride again.
♪ Hey hey crank it up
Uh. okay. y'all are wild.
Especially you.
-Hater.
-Whatever.
Well. where is J?
I want to give him this present
before I head to this job.
He's in the playroom.
but please do not go in there
and scare him again with one of
your crazy prison-guard stories.
Uh. for the last time.
I am a corrections officer.
-I ain't no damn guard.
-Whatever you call yourself.
You... There's a dif... There's
a difference. I'mma kill him.
-Mm-hmm.
-I swear. I'm gonna...
All right. bye.
I'm so excited.
now that Jordan's in pre-school.
I can really launch
this catering business.
No doubt. You've sacrificed
a lot staying out with Jordan.
Now it's your time to shine.
You're a magnificent chef
and this lunch
is going to be spectacular.
[chuckles]
There is one thing.
I hope you won't be mad.
How could I possibly be mad
with my beautiful
and brilliant wife
who just booked
her first catering job in years?
The luncheon is this Saturday.
so I won't be able to make it
to your college reunion.
Oh.
I know. I'm so sorry.
I really wanted to see you
get your
alumni-of-the-year award.
but the client said
that if this luncheon goes well.
then I could potentially
sign a contract
to cater
all of the gallery events.
Okay. Okay. it's fine.
You know I got your back
100 percent. babe.
Maybe I should. uh. maybe
I should stay home with Jordan
this weekend since you're gonna
be busy working the whole time.
No. No way. You have to go
accept your award.
I'll ask my dad if he can
keep Jordan for the weekend.
-You know he'll love that.
-Are you sure. though?
-I don't have to go.
-Yes. I'm sure.
I feel really bad
about missing your reunion.
Oh. you feel bad? Okay.
Well. if you feel bad.
you know you can
make it up to me right now.
No. we can't right now.
-T-Terri is here.
-I don't care about her.
And after we eat.
I have to send over
some menu suggestions
for approval.
You know it's been a long time.
babe. I'm just saying.
Go wash your hands so we can
eat this delicious meal
I've been preparin' for you
all day.
-Mm.
-Come on.
[instrumental music]
[cell phone beeping]
-[Michelle] Morning. babe.
-Uh. sorry. did I wake you?
I was just returning
some messages.
Who's trying to contact you
so early?
Don't they know that my husband
needs his beauty sleep?
[chuckles] Aah!
Well. just folks digging around
about the DA announcement.
[cell phone beeps]
Dad said you're a shoe-in
for the DA
and the mayor's mansion
could be next.
He and his partners are ready
to start fundraising
for a potential campaign.
Well. tell your dad thanks.
but I don't need his help.
He's done enough giving us
the down payment for this house.
I thought you liked our house.
and you're the one that said
you didn't wanna raise Jordan
in the city.
I love our house.
But a man wants to buy
his own home.
Look. once I make
this district attorney.
we won't have to rely
on anybody else
or deal with Terri
throwing your dad's money
up in my face all the time.
He just wants to help. Malik.
Yeah. I know. I know.
I'm sorry. I just...
You know how those two get me.
Now I gotta get to work
and go secure this bag for us.
Hey. buddy. where's my tip?
Oh. I'll get you one later.
[grunts]
[cell phone ringing]
-Hey. what's up. Garrett?
-Hey. Malik.
Sorry to bother you so early.
man. Where are you?
Uh. headed to the airport.
Oh. yeah. yeah. yeah.
That's right.
Good morning. Michelle.
Uh. Michelle's not coming.
What do you mean?
Oh. she booked
a-a last-minute catering gig
at some art gallery.
So she's not going to the
reunion where your ex will be?
[Malik] G. I told you yesterday
there's nothing to worry about.
I'll see Rayna. I'll have
a drink and then we'll both
go back to our regularly
scheduled lives. end of story.
Well. you did say
Rayna's husband will be there.
so that should keep you
out of trouble. Right?
-Hello?
-Yeah.
Rayna DM'd me this morning.
told me that her husband
can't make it.
Oh. so you're saying
it's going down
in the DMs for real
this weekend.
Bro. why do you have to jump
to conclusions like that?
-No.
-Okay.
Just remember.
when Michelle throws you out.
there's no room in my crib.
Hell. there's barely
enough room here for me.
Ah. well. don't do anything
I wouldn't do
or haven't done already.
Hope she's flexible.
[instrumental music]
[indistinct chatter]
Hey.
[Rayna chuckles]
Rayna Parsons.
Malik Tucker.
Wow. how long has it been?
Ten years.
-Ten-ten years? Gee!
-Mm.
It's good to see you
in the flesh
and not just on social media.
You look good. Malik.
Well. how is it possible that
you look even more beautiful
than when we were in college?
Still smooth as ever. I see.
Let's get you a drink.
so we can toast
to Wrightwood's
alumni of the year.
All right. single malt.
Thank you.
I-it's just so crazy to hear
from you after all these years.
Uh. what-what happened with you
after college?
I traveled overseas.
taking photography assignments
here and there.
And it looks like you're
climbing the political ladder
just like you said you would.
And you're seeing the world
like you said you would.
You know. I-I...
It felt like you fell off the
face of the Earth after college.
No calls. no text. no letters.
just ghost.
Once you told me you didn't
want to go abroad with me
after college. there didn't seem
a need to keep in touch.
I had already been accepted
to law school. Rayna.
I guess I'm just more
of a free spirit than you are.
Yes. you are.
Well. let's. uh.
let's have a drink.
Social media... bringing
old friends together.
[laughs]
So I never crossed your mind
after all these years?
Never thought
about looking me up?
Of course I thought about it.
I thought about you. too.
After all.
you never forget your first.
Well. to first love.
It's not the kind of first
I was talking about.
Ah. yes. I...
I was your first.
And dare I say. the best.
-[cell phone ringing]
-Uh. sorry.
Will you excuse me?
-Okay?
-Of course.
Hey. babe. What's up?
The luncheon was great. Malik.
They loved everything!
The appetizers. the entrees.
the desserts. everything!
Ah. it's amazing. babe. See...
I-I'm so glad to hear it went
well. I knew you could do it.
I think it went well enough
that it could set me up
for more catering jobs
at the gallery.
Of course it did.
Your food is amazing.
I'm so proud of you. Michelle.
Well. look. I know you gotta
get back to your friends--
Yeah. I can't wait to hear
all about it. okay?
I love you. Bye.
Sorry about that.
-Wifey checking in?
-Where were we?
I believe I was in the middle
of telling you
that you were my best.
I got your refill.
Single malt. right?
Right.
Well. this is my room.
Thanks for walking me
to my door. Malik.
Of course.
Goodnight. Rayna.
Malik. wait.
Wait.
No. no. no.
we can't do this. Rayna.
We can do whatever we want.
[intense music]
[groans]
Oh...
Good morning. love.
[gasps]
Rayna.
You were insatiable last night!
-Um. uh. Rayna. I gotta go.
-Why?
I-I'm gonna miss my flight.
okay?
Oh. no. just. you know.
stay in bed.
-You can catch a later flight.
-No. Rayna. Look.
This was a mistake. Okay?
I don't even remember
what happened last night.
[laughs] I'm happy
to refresh your memory.
No. No. Rayna! Rayna!
Stop. Okay?
We're both married.
This should not have happened.
What are you saying?
I'm saying I love my wife.
I... We can't see each other
anymore.
We're not in college anymore.
Malik.
We're two consenting adults.
Nobody has to know about us.
Us? Us...
Don't say that. don't say "Us."
Th-that is. us is not a thing.
But. sweetie. we had such
a great connection last night--
No. There's nothing else
to discuss here. Rayna.
This never happened.
Now. I gotta go.
Okay.
I understand.
Look. I'm-I'm sorry. Rayna.
[door opens]
[door shuts]
[intense music]
Hey. so when do you think you'll
have that brief ready for me?
Damn. you're really grinding
nowadays.
A brother can't even chill
without you driving us
hard as ever even though
you won the biggest case
of our career two months ago.
Well. putting Simion away
was just the first step.
I mean. I'm proud of that. but
justice never sleeps. my friend.
Yeah. not with you at the helm.
Who else can run
for district attorney?
-Yeah.
-[Sterling] Nobody.
Chicago's next DA
is gonna be Malik Tucker.
Sterling. what can I do for you?
I'm off to lunch.
but wanted to make sure you've
got the mayor's golf tournament
on your schedule.
-Yes. we do. sir.
-Yeah. looking forward to it.
[Sterling] Getting
Mayor Duncan's endorsement
is gonna seal the deal for you.
Wanna make sure that we leave
this office in good hands
when the voters send me to the
governor's mansion in the fall.
Well. we'll be sure to RSVP.
sir.
Good man.
Oh. I was the second chair
of the biggest case
this office ever prosecuted
and he acts like
I'm the invisible man.
Well. relax. Garrett.
Sterling is gonna make sure
his whole crew
is taken care of
before he leaves.
[cell phone beeping]
-What's wrong?
-Uh. nothing.
Dawg. that face clearly says
something's wrong. Spill it.
Okay. uh...
You remember when I went back
to my college reunion?
Yeah. and I told your ass
not to go
because your ex
is gonna be there.
Yeah. Well. something happened.
What happened?
I had a few too many drinks
and one thing led to another.
and... next thing I knew. I was
waking up in Rayna's hotel room.
I don't even remember
how I got there.
What do you mean you don't
remember how you got there?
I don't know.
It was all a blur. man.
Why didn't you tell me?
I mean. does Michelle know
you slept with her?
Of course she doesn't know!
Will you keep your voice down?
Man! You crazy?
No. I didn't tell her.
-I don't wanna die.
-Yeah.
I've known Michelle longer than
you. and she don't play that.
No. she don't.
Oh. and don't let Terri
find out.
Well. you think I don't know
that? She'd kill me twice.
You would never find my body.
Look. just tell Rayna
what the rules are.
What happened at the reunion
stays buried at the reunion.
period.
Yeah. she's just not
getting the message. bro.
I deleted her number
after that night
and she just
keeps getting new numbers.
She won't stop hitting me up.
I mean. look.
Yeah.
All right. Close your mouth now.
She sent that an hour ago.
-The thirst is real.
-[Malik] You're telling me?
Um. since I am single.
you could at least
give her my number
before you block her again.
Okay. give me my phone back.
What woman would want
your number. Garrett?
Does anybody in this office
knock before they enter?
Got some intel
on that Jackson DePaul case
you were looking for. Malik.
Very interesting reading.
Thank you. Maria. That was fast.
And I can always count on her.
Hey. just make sure when you
become DA.
I get a hefty raise.
Oh. you'll be the first one.
Maria.
-Wait. what about me?
-[Maria] Oh. yeah.
He's only giving raises
to people
that actually work. Garrett.
Hey. will you be able to get
any intel on the Wharton case
for me before you leave
for vacation?
Yeah. of course. I'm not leaving
for Costa Rica...
-For a few weeks.
-Okay. Solid.
Any room for me
in that suitcase. Gonzalez?
Happy to rub suntan oil
all over
those hard-to-reach areas.
Oh. I bet you would.
[speaking in foreign language]
Y'all are just gonna talk
about me in front of my face?
-No hablo English?
-No hablo English. no.
You know what? It's cool.
Kiss my culo.
How's that for Spanish?
-Muy bien!
-Yeah. It's pretty good.
Muy bien!
Michelle?
Michelle? Anybody home?
Ah. What's all this?
This is a special dinner for
the best husband in the world.
And what about Jordan?
-With Terri.
-For the night. Mrs. Tucker?
For the whole night. Mr. Tucker.
[chuckles] Well. in that case.
I propose we skip dinner
and go straight to dessert.
[laughs]
Let's talk
so I can share some news.
Wait. what news?
Well. I got a call today
and your awesome wife
just got hired
to cater another event
this Friday.
Hey. congratulations!
Chicago's best chef is back!
I am so proud of you. babe.
Thanks to you.
the best husband. I did it.
Wait. what do you mean
thanks to me?
Well. if you hadn't pushed me
to skip your reunion.
I never would have done it.
Yeah. Darling. you did it
all by yourself. babe.
And you know what. soon you will
be the most celebrated chef
in Chicago. and we can finally
start talking
about you opening
that restaurant you wanted.
Thank you. baby.
Now. come here.
Malik. what are you doing?
-We have to eat!
-You thought I was playing. huh?
-We're going to dessert. Uh-huh.
-Malik...
♪ I'm about to make a raid
♪ What's my name?
♪ Oh-ho-oh oh-ho aah
♪ I'm about to show you
something else tonight ♪
♪ I wanna break a leg
♪ Go harder
♪ Tonight you're gonna
pull my hair scream out... ♪
Michelle. you know
I love you. right?
Of course. babe.
I love you. too.
And I would never do anything
to hurt you.
I know.
I need to tell you
something. babe.
-Mm-hmm.
-[cell phone vibrating]
When I went back
for my college reunion...
Michelle?
Hey. babe?
Heading out already?
Yeah. I'm surprising Michelle
at this art show
she's catering in Hyde Park.
Oh. Well. tell Michelle
I said congrats.
The girl can burn.
so I know she'll do her thing.
Yeah. well. why don't you
tell her yourself
and come with me. Garrett?
Why would I go to an art gallery
on a Friday night?
Well. Michelle's nervous
about getting back
into the food scene.
so she could use the support
from one of our oldest friends.
-No. I'm good.
-Wow. Okay.
Well. just saying.
there's bound to be like
a ton of single
and available women
just waiting
to be swept off their feet
and free food and booze.
so your broke ass
doesn't have to spend
for real date.
But maybe you're not
into that. so...
Uh-uh... Why didn't you
say that in the first place?
[instrumental music]
-This is interesting.
-Yeah.
Okay.
You didn't say there'd be masks.
That's 'cause I didn't know.
bro.
-I feel like the Dark Knight.
-[laughs]
Freaky. I like it.
Of course you do.
[Garrett]
What's Terri doing here?
Oh. well. Michelle asked her
to help out with the event.
You know. Terri is
the only woman I've ever met
that seems to be immune
to your charms.
Yeah. she's just
overly protective
of her cousin. that's all.
She did help raise Michelle
when her mom died.
I know. I know. her heart
is in the right place.
but I just. I'll never be good
enough for Michelle. you know?
What kind of freaky shit
is this?
You see this?
Boy. this is hot.
That ass gets a pass.
[intense music]
[Garrett] You see this?
Wait a second.
[Rayna] Malik.
What the...
No. No. no. no. no. no.
[Rayna] Malik.
[Malik] No...
[indistinct chatter]
I just told you about him.
He's here.
-That's your husband?
-Yeah.
-Introduce me.
-Come on.
Yeah. it was a. a surprise.
Oh. Aw. this is so sweet.
Thank you.
Oh. I want you to meet Rayna.
She's the photographer
of this amazing exhibit.
Rayna. this is my husband.
Malik Tucker.
It's nice to meet you. Malik.
I feel like I know you
from somewhere.
No. No. I don't think so.
Are you sure we've never met
anywhere?
[Michelle] Oh. it's probably
from the news
because Malik's face has been
all over the place
since he won the Simion Blake
trial two months ago.
[laughs] Oh. Maybe that's it.
[Michelle] Uh.
I see you have your mask.
But why aren't you wearing it?
Yeah. what's. uh.
what's with the masks anyway?
Oh. I love masquerade nights.
People can hide their faces
and be free.
be who they truly are.
I find that everyone
wears a mask.
pretending to be someone
that they're not.
I'm sure you find that
to be the case
in your line of work. too.
Malik.
Isn't that a fun idea. honey?
Your wife did an amazing job
tonight.
Everyone is raving
about her food.
Well. my wife is very talented.
You're a lucky man.
Malik Tucker.
Yes. I am.
We should take a video
for social media
to promote Michelle.
-No. we don't need to do that.
-Come on. come on.
-[Rayna] This is great.
-Okay. let's go. Come on.
Hey. art lovers.
it's your girl Rayna
coming to you live
from my Reunited
photography collection
here in Chicago.
I have to introduce you
to my most divine caterer.
my latest discovery.
Chef Michelle Tucker
and her handsome husband. Malik.
Hey. Chicago. come through
Mosaic Art Gallery
and check out Rayna's
provocative new exhibit
and my delicious menu.
It's masquerade night.
so let's see what secrets
will be revealed
when the mask comes off.
Toodles!
-That was so much fun!
-Oh.
Social media
is the name of the game
if you want to promote yourself.
especially since you're
returning to the food scene
after being away
for a couple of years.
You're a hot chef. Michelle.
show the world.
Malik. are you ready to share
your wife with the world?
Ah. my wife's food
speaks for itself.
She doesn't need to do
all that social-media stuff.
Oh. well. I don't know. honey.
I mean.
my followers have doubled
since I announced
that I was doing this event
and I tagged Rayna's gallery.
Yes. Michelle!
We'll talk about more things
we could do together next week.
[Michelle] Oh. have you seen
Rayna's photos?
Yeah.
it's... quite the collection.
It's probably
my most personal work.
I call it Reunited.
I tried to get her to tell me
who the man was in the photos.
but she wouldn't reveal
her subject.
I told her
it's our little secret.
I'm sure you can appreciate
discretion. Malik.
Hey. are you ready to go. babe?
Uh. yeah. I just have to
finish up some stuff and pack up
and then I'll see you at home.
Okay. Just hurry up.
Will you two excuse me?
I think I see someone
interested
in making a purchase.
It was very nice
to meet you. Malik.
[Rayna] Michelle.
we'll talk soon.
-Okay. Yeah.
-See you later.
Ah. you and Rayna
seem pretty close already.
We really vibe.
She's so much fun to work with.
And it's just nice to feel
a little creative stimulation
after being at home
with a toddler for so long.
And as you can tell
from the photos.
she. she is super talented.
Her gallery is really gonna help
revitalize the neighborhood.
Well. uh. wait.
Rayna owns the gallery?
Yeah. she renovated the loft
upstairs where she's living.
Oh. I'm just glad she's pleased
with my second catering job.
Uh. wait. se-second catering?
Y-you've worked with Rayna
before?
Yeah. Didn't I tell you?
Rayna was the one that
found me on social media
and booked me for the luncheon
during your reunion weekend.
Rayna!
You're so photogenic. Malik.
What the hell are you doing.
Rayna?
-What do you mean. baby?
-No. cut it out.
Cut. cut all that shit out.
okay?
What are you doing
with Michelle?
She's a talented caterer and
I needed someone for our show.
No. stop... Stop it!
Stay away from Michelle!
I've been trying to reach you
so we can talk.
Did you get my messages?
Yeah. you gotta stop
all that. okay?
Stop the calls. stop the texts.
stop the voicemails.
All of it. Rayna.
I love my wife.
But what about us?
No. I told you already.
there is no us.
[laughs] That's where
you're wrong. Malik.
I'm pregnant with our baby!
Preg... Wa-wait.
wh-what do you mean pregnant?
-You can't be pregnant.
-Yes.
No. you can't.
you can't be preg...
I saw the condom wrapper.
Yes. the first time.
As for the second time.
I guess we both got
a little too caught up.
Well. h-how do you even know
it's my baby. huh?
Malik. my love.
you're the only one
I've been with.
What-what kind of game
are you playing here. Rayna?
Why are you trying
to ruin my life?
I'm not trying
to ruin your life. baby.
I'm just trying to plan
for our future. sweetheart.
There is no future for us.
Uh. what about your husband.
huh?
What husband?
Uh. this guy.
You ca... You-you can't
go through with this.
Rayna. you're gonna destroy
my family.
Oh. baby... we're
your new family now.
-[knocking on door]
-Hey. you wanted to see me?
-Yeah. come in. Close the door.
-Sure.
So what case is this for?
This conversation
isn't tied to a case.
It's personal. Maria.
And I'd like it
to just stay between us.
No problem. boss. Who is it?
-"Rayna Parsons?"
-Yeah.
Those are all the details
I have now.
I want you to find out
everything you can about her.
And. like I said.
just keep it between us.
I heard you the first time.
Do you know
if the woman is dangerous?
I don't. but. uh.
you know. just be safe.
Okay.
You slept with her.
Never mind. I already know.
Uh. I just need you to figure
out what she's planning.
All right. Maria? That's all.
A word of advice. my friend.
you should really
tell your wife. Malik.
Well. I can't. okay?
Not yet. Not until I know
what she's up to.
so you need to make sure
and get
the mayor's endorsement
at his golf tournament.
Absolutely.
yeah. I'm looking forward
to beating him on the length--
No. you're not beating anybody.
The mayor wins
his own golf tournament.
Oh. it's like that. Okay.
Well. you know me well.
I don't like to lose.
but I know how to play the game.
Hey. you've done a great job
in the ADA office.
And you've taken on
the toughest cases.
you've mastered
Chicago politics.
This. I mean. it's the next
logical step in your career.
Thank you. Sterling.
I appreciate your faith.
Yeah. I'm ready.
You gotta know
that when you take the top spot.
you got a bull's eye
painted on your back.
And in Chicago.
sometimes it's tough
to tell the good guys
from the bad.
Hm. Well. I'm aware of that.
[intense music]
[Sterling] Uh. Malik?
Hey. You listening?
Uh. yeah. yeah.
I'm sorry. I just...
Look. you just make sure
there's no skeletons
in your closet. okay?
Because if Mayor Duncan
extends his political capital
and endorses you.
he damn well better not end up
with egg on his face.
Hey. look at me.
I better not end up
regretting it. either.
Understood. sir.
Okay. Good. Let's eat.
[cell phone ringing]
Hey. Maria.
tell me you found something.
I pulled a copy of Rayna's
hotel receipt from the reunion.
But when I ran a check
on the address she put down.
it turned out to be fake.
No such location exists.
Wouldn't the hotel have flagged
the fake address
when they ran her credit card
at check-in?
Yeah. that's
the other interesting thing.
Her room was pre-paid with
a credit card from GDW Holdings.
Wait. why would a third party
pay for her hotel room
at a college reunion?
You tell me.
You went to college with her.
Prior to that weekend. I hadn't
seen her since we graduated.
Well. she's definitely trying
to hide something.
-I'll keep digging.
-Okay. Thanks.
And. Maria.
I think you're right.
I-I do need to tell Michelle.
Good luck with that one. papi.
Yeah. thanks. Bye.
-[women screaming]
-Hey. Michelle!
Michelle?
Malik. you're just in time.
Rayna just told me
she's pregnant!
-Congratulations.
-Thank you. Malik.
Oh. my God. I am so blessed.
A baby on the way.
a new gallery.
an exciting
new business partner.
Moving to Chicago is
the best thing I've ever done.
Oh. We need champagne
to celebrate.
Sparkling cider for you.
little mama.
What the hell are you doing
in my house. Rayna?
-Stop it.
-Arrr!
What? I had to drop off
your wife's check.
And we needed to discuss
her next catering event.
Listen. what happened between us
was a mistake.
Rayna. stay away from my family.
I'm not playing with you.
What. baby. don't act like
you still don't have
feelings for me.
come on. you and me.
you know you still want me.
And you can have me anytime.
-Any place...
-Come on. stop!
[Michelle] Here we are.
Hey. babe.
Oh. my God.
I am so sorry. Michelle.
I just realized that I have
another appointment downtown.
So I need to leave now
or I'll never be able to make it
with this traffic.
Here is your check.
Thanks. I'm looking forward
to our next event.
I've already started writing
down some menu suggestions.
[Rayna] Perfect!
I'll call you next week
so we can go over the details
for the gallery contract.
Con-contract? What contract?
I am launching a weekly mixer
at the gallery
and Michelle agreed to cater.
After all. there are still
so many people
who have yet to see Reunited.
Come on. I'll walk you out.
It's really happening.
Thinking about jumping?
It depends.
What you got for me. Maria?
Did you know
Rayna never graduated
from Wrightwood University?
What do you mean?
Uh. we were seniors together.
I remember she missed graduation
because she had to fly home
last minute for an emergency.
-Her dad got sick.
-Yeah.
That may have been
what she told you.
but according to her transcript.
she never graduated.
In fact. the university
asked her to leave.
What's this?
Your girl was writing bad checks
to the school.
so they forced her
to withdraw
and agreed not to press charges.
Oh. you've gotta be kidding me.
[scoffs] Nope.
After her college scam.
she pretty much
fell off the radar
for a few years.
[scoffs] This chick was gone
from the planet.
Well. she said she spent
a lot of time overseas
with her photography.
Maybe that's why
you couldn't find anything.
I don't care
where she's been. Malik.
She's still
a United States citizen
and needed to file taxes.
have some bank records.
get a pap smear or something.
Okay. so when did she resurface?
About two years ago.
Wait. Rayna's been to jail?
Turns out your ex-girlfriend
was mixed up
in a pill-mill scam in Florida.
And just as the Miami DA
was about to charge her.
someone made a call and suddenly
the charges were reduced.
-Reduced?
-And by reduced. I mean dropped.
So who made that call?
That's what I'm trying
to figure out now.
Why do I feel like
there's more bad news?
Yeah. the other thing
that I found is
she's currently listed
as the owner
of the Mosaic Art Gallery
as of six months ago.
But this chick has no
bank accounts. no tax records.
nothing. Zilch. Nada.
Esto no es bueno.
So how was she able
to lease an art gallery
without
any financial information?
I mean. I gotta hand it to her.
-She's a crafty one.
-Yeah. you're telling me.
As I was checking the lease
from Cochran Commercial.
I saw that she took over
the gallery space
and is holding it
in the name of GDW Holdings.
GDW. Wait. that's...
That's the same name
of the company
that paid for Rayna's
hotel room at the reunion
and the same name
on the check she paid Michelle.
Who. who is behind
this GDW Holdings?
I'm working on it.
But whoever it is
is trying really hard
to hide themselves. Malik.
Okay. Okay.
Uh. just keep digging. Maria.
I'm not gonna let this woman
destroy my life.
I am not gotta let her
take everything I've worked for.
You got it.
-Yo. you gotta check this out.
-Uh. what is it. man?
I have to finish this brief.
Sterling is on my ass.
Trust me. Malik.
you're gonna wanna see this.
-Well. what is it?
-Exciting news...
[Garrett] Looks like
your girlfriend just announced
that she's pregnant
on social media.
[sighs] Yeah. I know.
And didn't you say
she was married?
Her relationship status
now says. "Complicated."
Yeah. that's one word for it.
You got something you want
to tell me?
I mean. first you see your ex.
who apparently is your own
personal kryptonite...
Big mistake.
Then the chick starts
sexting you pics and videos
and now she's no longer married
and expecting a baby?
Bruh. what's going on?
There's nothing going on.
Garrett.
Dude. I'm your best friend. I
know when something's going on.
But you know what. if that's how
you wanna play it. so be it.
I can tell you where you can get
a good deal on a futon.
You ready for lunch?
No. man.
I'm not coming to lunch.
I gotta finish this brief. okay?
Whatever. man.
You gotta be kidding me. This...
Hm...
-He's so cute.
-Thank you.
So how long have you been
a photographer?
Uh. I started shooting
in college.
My boyfriend
was my first subject.
Boyfriend?
Ooh. that sounds juicy.
Do you guys still keep in touch?
We hadn't seen each other
in years.
but we recently reconnected
on social media.
You're so lucky to have
such a supportive husband.
Malik is an amazing husband.
He's really my best friend.
He's successful and supportive
at the same time.
[Michelle] Yeah.
I would really love
to have someone like that.
If. if you don't mind my asking.
is your boyfriend
excited about the baby?
[Rayna sniffles]
[Michelle] Rayna...
[sobbing]
Oh. no. Rayna.
I'm. I'm so sorry.
I didn't mean to pry.
It's okay.
In addition
to eating everything in sight.
I've been incredibly emotional
these days.
Hormones can be
all over the place
during your first trimester.
It's not that. It's just...
What is it. Rayna?
You can tell me.
I didn't plan
for this to happen.
And I'm kind of ashamed.
I don't want you to hate me.
Hate you?
Rayna. why would I hate you?
You've done so much for me.
So. please. let me help you.
Please don't judge me.
The father of my baby
is married.
Married?
What is he saying
about the baby?
What about his wife?
He says he loves me
and he's gonna leave his wife.
Oh.
They haven't been happy
in years.
He said that the passion died.
but he hasn't left her yet.
Look. I'm sure everything
will work out for the best.
You just take care of yourself
and you take care of that baby.
That's what's most important
right now.
[clicks tongue]
You're such a good friend.
-Oh.
-Thank you.
Since moving to Chicago
I haven't met a lot of people.
so it's nice to have someone
to talk to.
I'm here for you.
whatever you need.
But what are you gonna do
about the father?
He's given me no choice.
I'm gonna tell him
that he needs to choose.
It's between me...
or her.
[thunder rumbling]
[siren wailing]
Hey. Malik.
Oh. we got an update?
-Check this out.
-What's this?
I stopped by the leasing company
Rayna's renting
the gallery space from.
Turns out she paid
for a full year up-front.
but this time with the cashier's
check from GDW Holdings
drawn from an account
with the Chicago Rivers Bank.
Okay. Okay.
So can we get access to the
bank records on that account?
That's my next stop tomorrow.
There has to be a name list
on the account somewhere.
so. hopefully.
we finally find out
who's been making
all the payments.
Okay. That's great.
That's great. Maria.
Keep me posted. okay?
And don't take your foot
off the gas.
You got it. boss.
Babe. everything okay?
[sighs] Malik. we need to talk.
Michelle. if you just
let me explain--
I am just so thankful
to have you.
You are?
I-I mean. I'm-I'm thankful. too.
So I had lunch with Rayna today
and she was telling me the story
of how the father of her baby
is some
unhappily married asshole.
She's having an affair
with a married man.
Oh. she-she told you that?
Married?
Yes. Malik.
It is a terrible situation.
She's waiting for him
to leave his wife
because he told her
that there's no passion anymore
and he wants to leave.
I'm sure the wife has no idea.
I can't even imagine.
Uh. th-that sounds
like a terrible situation.
I just feel bad for the girl.
I mean.
she clearly loves this man.
Don't you think you're getting
a little too involved
in this woman's life?
I mean. you barely know her.
Um. I don't want you
getting sucked into her drama
while you're trying
to re-launch your career.
[sighs] But. babe. she's been
so supportive of me.
And. look. look how my
social media following has grown
since I started working
with her.
And the Chicago Chef's Circle
is doing an interview with me.
Look. that's wonderful. babe.
but this is all happening
because you're a great chef.
It's not 'cause of Rayna. okay?
You don't need her.
Well. I just signed
a contract with her
for a series
of art and music mixers.
I can't just leave now.
Plus. Rayna really needs
this gallery to be successful
so she can take care
of her baby.
She doesn't have
an amazing husband like I do.
I just...
She just doesn't seem
like the type of person
you want to be
in business with. babe.
much less be friends with.
Look. I just need
to get through these events
and. hopefully. that will lead
to some more catering clients.
Well. so. uh. did Rayna say
what she's gonna do
about the father of her baby?
She said she's gonna give him
an ultimatum.
It's either her and the baby.
or she's gonna tell his wife.
Huh.
[intense music]
Don't forget. Sterling told you
to let the mayor win.
You know how you get.
Well. look.
I will try my best to lose.
Oh. God. just saying the word.
that hurts.
[laughs] Do it for our family.
-And my restaurant.
-Okay.
I'll be back tomorrow.
all right?
Hey. you be good
while I'm gone. okay?
[laughs] But don't have
too much fun. all right?
All right.
Wave goodbye to daddy.
[exhales] Look at the backyard
on this chick.
Malik...
Malik?
Uh. my fault. G.
I just. uh.
I got a lot on my mind. man.
Malik. mayor wanted to stop
and say hello.
-Good to see you. Malik.
-Hello again. mayor.
Thank you for inviting us
to your tournament.
You looked good
out on the links.
But not quite good enough
to beat me.
[chuckles] No. sir. I just. uh.
I just couldn't quite
hit 'em straight.
Well. happens to the best of us.
Hm. this course is particularly
challenging.
that's why I like it.
[Sterling] Well. Richard.
like I told you.
I think Malik Tucker will make
a fine district attorney.
I'm glad to hear that.
You've left some big shoes
to fill. Sterling.
I think Malik is more than up
for the challenge.
and I hope you'll consider
giving him your endorsement.
Keep your nose clean. son...
-The job is yours.
-Thank you. sir.
[Sterling] I think you don't
have to worry about Malik.
He's a veritable Boy Scout.
Hm. That's what I like to hear.
Play your cards right
and the DA's office
will just be the first step
to the mayor's office.
It would be my pleasure to serve
the city of Chicago. sir.
Okay. mayor. we gotta go.
All right.
Thanks again. sir.
-Sounds like it's a done deal.
-Ah.
Here's to Chicago's next DA.
Well. it's not done
until it's done. Garrett.
But this was always the plan.
wasn't it?
[chuckles] Perfect life.
Perfect wife.
You got it all. man.
You know. you could have
the same thing. bro.
[scoffs] Yeah. right.
I mean. even though I was the
second chair to the Blake case.
Sterling and the king makers.
they don't see me
the way they see you.
Because you don't
play the game. bro.
It's like you're not trying.
Look. I always play to win.
even if it means
I have to lose to the mayor
to do it.
-Thank you.
-[Garrett] What is it?
Oh. speaking of the
perfect wife. Michelle's here.
Ah. See what I'm saying?
-Hey. I'll catch you later. Bye.
-Have fun.
[laughs]
Back to Chicago's curvy.
Michelle?
What's going on. babe?
Hello. my love.
Glad you got my notes.
Ho-how'd you get in here?
As you know.
I can be very persuasive.
And the desk clerk
was only too happy
to give your wife a key.
What are you doing here. Rayna?
[Rayna] I thought we could have
another fun weekend together.
Aren't you happy to see me?
Well. happy to see...
No! Hell. no!
Wh... How did you even know
I was here?
Michelle told me you were going
to the mayor's golf tournament
and I figured this could be
the perfect getaway for us.
[scoffs]
Shall we take more pictures?
You know
you're my favorite subject.
No. You need to leave.
all right?
Get out. Rayna!
-Malik?
-It's time for you to get out.
Malik. I didn't tell Michelle
about us. but I will.
I... You need to leave me alone.
Rayna! There is no us!
-No us?
-No!
How could you say that?
I'm carrying your baby. Malik!
-Oh. you need to stop that.
-We were meant to be together.
Stop it. Rayna!
You need to leave. all right?
Rayna. come on. It's time
for you to leave. all right?
-I have your baby--
-Rayna!
-Get out of my life!
-Aah!
[door shuts]
Malik!
Malik. come on. let's talk
about this. Come on. Malik.
You're not gonna just
throw me out like I'm trash!
Malik!
Malik?
[instrumental music]
[breathing heavily]
This crazy bitch.
Maria. it's Malik. Please tell
me you got some news for me.
Call me back.
Shit.
[cell phone beeping]
Jesus.
Hi. honey. I'm glad you're home.
-Uh. where-where's Jordan?
-At a play date.
I knew you would be home
around this time.
so I thought
that mommy and daddy could have
our own play date.
Hey. I-I love you. Michelle.
You know that. right?
Of course. I love you. too.
-I need to talk.
-Mm-mm. We can talk later.
-Mm-mm. Uh-uh-uh. Mr...
-[cell phone beeps]
[intense music]
"Baby misses you?"
-Malik. who is this?
-Now. hold on. hold on. babe.
-Uh. this is--
-Oh. my God!
Are you having an affair. Malik?
-Michelle. I can explain. okay?
-Explain what?
That you're sleeping with this.
this trick-ass bitch?
-Okay. stop for a second--
-No!
-Listen to me--
-No! No. you wait!
-Now it all makes sense.
-Na...
The late-night phone calls
and texting in your office.
-You must think that I'm stupid!
-No. I-I don't!
-That's what I'm trying to ex...
-How could you do this to me?
How could you do this
to Jordan?
-Just listen to me.
-No. I'm not listening to you!
I... Get out! I can't even
stand you right now.
-Get out! Get out!
-I just want to... Listen!
-Listen to me!
-I don't wanna hear it!
Get out! Now!
[grunts] Get out!
[sobbing] Oh. my God...
Oh. my God...
[instrumental music]
I can't believe that psycho
befriended your wife.
Yeah.
What am I gonna do. G?
I can't lose my family.
What did Maria find out?
Just that Rayna was mixed up
in some pill-mill fraud
in Florida
and right when she was about
to face some serious time.
someone stepped in.
-Any idea who?
-No.
Uh. Maria's still digging.
but you know she's relentless.
so she'll get
to the bottom of it.
Yeah. Maria's like a pit bull.
[chuckles]
I'll reach out to her
to see if there's anything
I can do to help. too.
I'm not letting this bitch break
up my best friend's marriage.
Yo. I'm sorry
I didn't let you in sooner. bro.
Oh. come on.
[device beeping]
Thank you. mommy.
Hey. Jordan!
How's my boy?
Hi. daddy. Where are you?
Dad-daddy had to take
a little trip.
But are you being a good boy
for mommy?
Yes. daddy. I love you.
[chuckles] I love you. too.
little man.
I'll see you soon.
Hey. can you. uh.
can you put mommy on for a...
[call disconnects]
Are you going to try
to see Michelle today?
Yeah. well. I was trying.
I texted her this morning to see
if I could at least come by
for some fresh clothes.
but she said no.
Well. I can go by the house.
grab some of your clothes
and try to talk to her.
-For real?
-Yeah.
-Yo. appreciate you. G.
-Oh. man.
Yeah.
Is that water in there?
Don't judge me.
Cousin. you let me know
if you need anything. okay?
Look. 'cause you know
I'm only one text away
from busting a cap
in Malik's ass.
-I know. I'll be fine. T.
-Okay.
Hey. you be a good boy
for Auntie Terri. okay?
-Okay.
-All right. Mommy loves you.
Love you. too.
-Okay. Bye.
-Come here. baby.
-One text.
-What's up. little man?
-What's up. Garrett?
-Hi. what's up. Terri?
How are you doing. Michelle?
I'm hanging in there.
Well. thank you for letting me
come by
and get some more clothes
for him.
Sure. It's no problem.
Did you get any sleep
last night?
Not much.
I hate to ask you.
but did you know
that Malik was having
an affair. Garrett?
Michelle. no!
I had no idea.
Malik didn't say anything to me
about an affair.
I thought
we were so happy together.
Everything I thought we had
was a lie.
Come on.
-So I'll just be a minute. okay?
-Okay.
[Michelle] Did Malik say
which suits he wanted?
Nah. just grab a couple of 'em.
And. um. some shirts and ties.
[intense music]
[Michelle] You're lucky
you came over when you did
'cause I was ready to go
full-on Angela Bassett
in Waiting To Exhale and burn
everything in his closet.
Let's not do that. I'm not
trying to bail you out of jail.
[sighs] Here you go.
You're a good friend. Garrett.
I'm your friend. too.
If you need anything. Michelle.
just call me.
I know. I appreciate it.
[music intensifies]
[Malik] Hey. Maria?
Maria?
[intense music]
[sighs]
Hey. Maria. it's Malik.
I'm in your office
and you're not. okay?
Call me. I've been trying
to reach you all day.
Call me.
"Simion Blake?"
Why are you looking
at Simion Blake?
[music continues]
[instrumental music]
Uh. excuse me. Sorry.
Hey. Michelle. we need to talk.
-Not now. Malik. I'm working.
-Well. just listen. I...
I am so sorry about.
about all of this. but y-you
need to know what's going on.
I can't do this right now. okay?
We can talk about this later.
But you don't understand
what's really going on.
and it's not what you think.
baby.
Malik. I am at work.
I'm not doing this with you
right now.
Come to the house tomorrow
and we can talk.
Okay. I-I-I'll come by tomorrow.
But... I love you.
Okay. I know you don't
believe me. but I'm sorry.
I love you.
I'm-I'm-I'm gonna fix this.
And I am not giving up on us.
I love you. Baby. Hey. baby!
Okay?
When you leave today. just-just
go straight home. okay?
Just trust me.
I'll see you tomorrow. okay?
[intense music]
[indistinct chatter]
Hey. Garrett. come here.
What's. uh.
what's going on. man?
-You didn't hear?
-No. What?
Maria's dead.
What? Maria's dead?
-No. I just--
-Cleaning lady found her body.
Two gunshot wounds
to the back of the head.
I want our best CSI team
over here.
Take her cell phone
over to Forensics.
I want to know where she's been.
I want to know
who she's been talking to. okay?
We're gonna catch the bastard
who did this to one of our own.
And I don't wanna see your faces
till we have a suspect.
[Rayna] Hi. Michelle.
Sorry for keeping you waiting.
Here's your check.
Last night was a huge success.
-Thanks to you.
-Thanks.
I meant to ask you. what's going
on with the father of your baby?
-Is he gonna leave his wife?
-Funny you should ask.
Um. he's having second thoughts
about leaving.
so I may have to give him a bit
of an incentive to leave a wife
that he clearly
doesn't love anymore.
An incentive?
It's really not a good idea
to sleep
with a married man. Rayna.
You're hurting someone
you don't even know.
She'll have to get over it.
[scoffs]
"Get over it?"
I know he wants to be with me.
What are you doing? Does
his wife even know about you?
Not yet.
Don't you think
she'll be devastated to learn
that her husband's
been having an affair?
It's not my problem.
We're meant to be together.
I'm sure his wife thought they
were meant to be together. too.
I can't help it if he doesn't
love her anymore.
[Michelle] You know.
that's a hard thing for a woman
to hear about her husband.
that he doesn't love her
anymore.
that he's sleeping
with someone else.
He'll be much happier with me.
And when the baby comes.
he'll forget all about her.
Look. Rayna.
I appreciate the opportunity
you've given me.
but I don't think
I can do this anymore.
I'm sorry to hear that.
Okay. then.
Michelle. wait.
Before you go.
let me give you a little bonus.
-What's this?
-It's a print.
From the Reunited collection.
One that I haven't shared
with anyone.
I think you might be just
the person to appreciate it.
[gasps]
What? You don't like it?
You lying bitch!
I'd beat your ass
if you weren't pregnant.
Triflin' ho.
[laughs]
Hm. Mm-mm-mm-mm-mm.
[engine revving]
Malik sleeping with Rayna.
Yeah. she's carrying his baby.
I'm sorry.
you don't deserve that.
[chuckles] You know.
I'm wondering how you managed
to leave that gallery without
beating the hell out of her.
It took every fiber of strength
not to claw that bitch face off.
I just couldn't hit
a pregnant woman.
Hm. now Terri.
Terri would have beat her ass.
Yeah. Terri's about that life.
I gave him everything. Garrett.
I love him so much.
I know you do.
[jail door buzzes]
Malik Tucker.
'Sup. convict?
To what do I owe the pleasure
of this surprise visit.
Mr. Assistant District Attorney?
You know why I'm here. Simion.
Why don't you tell me?
I wanna hear the words
come out of that
smug bitch-ass mouth of yours.
What are you doing
with Rayna Parsons?
Rayna. Rayna...
Rayna?
-I don't know no Rayna.
-You lying...
You're lying.
You better stop bullshitting me.
I will find a way
to bury you under this prison.
Tell me what's going on.
What's go...
What's going on is you're trying
to become DA off my ass.
You took my life.
Now how does it feel to have
everything you care about...
gone?
Look. get the hell
out of my house. Gone!
Okay.
We're gonna need some more wine.
Mm-mm. No.
I need to get this place
cleaned up.
Jordan will be back
in the morning. My poor baby.
I guess I gotta let him know
what's going on.
You don't have to do anything
before you're ready. Michelle.
Just focus
on taking care of yourself.
Thanks. Garrett. You're always
looking out for me.
Although. technically.
this is all you fault.
You're the one who introduced me
to that fool.
[chuckles]
I'll take that.
But I'm here.
Whatever you need. I got you.
I know. I appreciate it.
Um. you want me
to spend the night?
-You don't need to be alone.
-Oh. no. you don't have to stay.
I'll be fine.
You know. you've always been
a good friend. Garrett.
I could be so much more.
-What are you doing? Aah!
-Man. what is wrong with you?
-Ow! Get off of me!
-Huh. what's wrong with you?
-Get off of me!
-Get off of her!
-Hey! Hey! You okay? What?
-Malik! Malik!
[grunts]
[whispering]
I can't do this. Rayna.
[groans]
I'm pregnant.
Stop it. Rayna!
You need to leave.
Are you having an affair. Malik?
[Malik] Michelle. I can explain.
[Michelle] No. I'm not listening
to you! Get out!
I can't even stand you
right now.
Get out!
Michelle. Michelle?
Hey. Michelle!
Ah!
Michelle! Michelle?
Michelle?
Michelle? Michelle?
[beeping]
[intense music]
[cell phone vibrating]
Hey. Sterling.
I can't talk right now. I--
Malik. be in my office in the
morning at 9:00 a.m. sharp.
We are opening an investigation
into your prosecution
of Simion Blake
due to your relationship with
his girlfriend. Rayna Parsons.
Don't be late.
I...
[door buzzes]
Checkmate.
[chuckles]
Hm.
Michelle?
I miss Biggie. He's my damn
password. for Christ's sake.
[intense music]
[glass shatters]
This wasn't part of the plan.
Garrett.
[Rayna] What the hell
were you thinking?
[Garrett] I have a plan.
okay? Relax.
Well. Simion wants details
on how you're
going to overturn his conviction
before he authorizes me
to wire you the money.
[Garrett] How many times
we're gonna go over this?
Okay. they have proof of the
both of you sleeping together.
When Sterling realizes
that Malik removed your name
from the list of targets
and used Miami DA
to drop the charges.
the conviction
will be overturned!
I guess you're not that stupid.
after all.
Let her go. Garrett.
This doesn't have anything
to do with her.
Put the gun down
or I'll kill her right now.
No. you won't.
-Oh. huh.
-[gun cocks]
-No. no...
-[Malik] Okay.
Hey. Okay. Okay. I'm sorry.
Okay.
Kick it over.
That's good. bitch.
Why are you holding her
hostage. Garrett?
Just put the gun down.
You don't...
You don't have to do this.
You're not
calling the shots now.
-I am.
-Listen to me. Garrett.
We. we can get you out of this.
Okay? You don't. you don't ha...
But you don't have to hurt
Michelle.
You don't have to work
for Simion Blake.
You don't get to tell me
what to do anymore.
I decided to promote myself
by presenting Simion
with a offer he couldn't refuse.
I'm tired
of coming second to you.
with Michelle. Sterling.
the mayor.
Wait. is that what
this is all about?
Are you jealous?
How long you been
setting this up?
When we began building
the case against Simion.
I came across Rayna's name
in the list
of girlfriends and crew members.
And as we know. she was
running his pill operation
in Florida and got picked up.
But her name just.
i-it kept ringing in my head
until I realized
she was your ex-girlfriend.
And then I knew
she would be the perfect person
to use to set you up.
You bastard.
So then I just made a few calls.
Got her out
and I removed her name
from the list of targets.
Then I just set everything up
with Simion.
for a small fee. of course.
[Garrett] But I made it
look like you did.
So tell me.
how much
was destroying my family
worth to you?
Five million.
Seems fair being that I need to
upgrade from my little studio.
[Rayna laughs]
You were such an easy mark.
Like taking candy from a baby.
What-what about the baby?
[Rayna laughing]
You're so gullible. Malik.
You always were.
[Rayna] I slipped a drug
in your drink
when you went to go
take that call from wifey.
You blacked out as soon
as I got you into the hotel.
Then me and Garrett
had our way with you.
[camera clicking]
So-so there's no baby?
You're not pregnant?
No. stupid.
We never slept together.
You're not my type anymore.
And what about Maria?
Why did you have to kill her.
Garrett?
You can blame yourself
for that one.
[Garrett] Once she tied
Rayna and Simion together.
I knew it was only a matter
of time before she got to me.
So her ass had to go.
But you already know that
because you're the one
that killed her!
-Wh-what are you talking about?
-[Rayna] I took your skin...
From when I scratched you
and I placed it underneath
Maria's fingernails.
Jesus Christ.
So your DNA is all over her.
So her murder
gets pinned on you.
Chicago's golden boy
will now be
a convicted murderer.
[applauding]
[Malik] Okay.
Michelle doesn't have anything
to do with this.
Just let her go.
Please. just.
please. just let my wife go.
Uh. I don't think so.
[laughs]
-See?
-Hey. hey!
It's-it's gonna be okay. baby.
It is. it's gonna be fine.
See. I got plans for me
and this woman right here.
[grunts]
[intense music]
[coughing]
I told you. Your ass ain't
calling the shots no more. I am!
Look. Just. wait.
-Garrett. wait.
-Drop the gun. Garrett.
[chuckles] What. you gonna.
you gonna shoot me?
-Bitch. you ain't got the ba--
-[gunshot]
Oh. shit!
Nobody messes with my family.
-Oh. my God! Are you okay?
-I'm okay.
-I'm-I'm so sorry. baby.
-No. no.
-It's okay.
-I'm so sorry. I love you.
-I love you. too.
-I love you.
-Wait. where's Rayna?
-Oh. don't worry about her.
She's not gonna get far.
[siren wailing]
But. but how did the police
get here?
I called them
right before I came in.
And then I went live
on the Gram.
So their entire confession
was live streamed.
It's over now. Okay?
-Oh.
-Hey. Come here. baby.
We're gonna be okay.
Everything's gonna be okay.
[reporter] Malik Tucker took
the stand today to testify
against Rayna Parsons.
Simion Blake's girlfriend.
who conspired
to get the drug kingpin's
conviction overturned.
He also offered testimony
about how ADA Garrett Wrightly
murdered
Investigator Maria Gonzalez.
Many want to know
what's next for the man
who was on the fast track
to become
Chicago's next
district attorney.
We're expecting them to enter
the courthouse shortly.
-Malik!
-Malik! Malik!
[reporter] Malik Tucker.
will you be returning
to the prosecutor's office
and running for DA?
No. I decided
to leave the DA's office.
Why. Malik?
Well. when you go through
difficult times.
you realize
what's important in life.
And right now
it's important
that I'm with my family.
But don't worry. it's not
the last you've heard from me.
Mrs. Tucker. what do you have
to say about Rayna Persons?
I'm just glad that we're safe
and she's out of our lives
forever.
But she's gonna pay for what
she did to our family.
-All right. excuse us.
-Malik?
-Thanks. y'all.
-Malik. one more question.
Tell us about your relationship
with Garrett Wrightly.
Do you have anything to say?
Any comments at all about
Maria Gonzalez's death?
-[Terri] Parson.
-What?
You got visitors.
What are you talking about?
Since you're gonna be here
for a while.
Michelle told me to make sure
you had some company
to pass the time away.
Wait. what?
Enjoy your stay.
-Mm-hmm. Yeah.
-What?
-[woman] You think you're cute?
-[woman grunts]
-[Rayna groaning]
-Bitch!
-Yeah. bitch!
-[Terri whistling]
[indistinct yelling]